Multi commands in the same SSH session (#27902)
demisto/content: Packs/RemoteAccess/Integrations/RemoteAccessv2/README.md

`ssh`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                    | **Required** |
| --- |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| --- |

> | cmd | Command to run on the remote machine. There is an option to pass concatenated commands as one command by ';', for executing several commands in a single SSH session. For example 'echo1;echo2'. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cmd | Command to run on the remote machine. To combine commands and run them in a single SSH session, concatenate them using semicolons (;) e.g., 'echo 1;echo 2'. | Required | 
```
